{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25320\viewh16600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 -nJbGyPg6BY_000060      The scene is an indoor awards ceremony stage where a man and a woman are standing at a podium. A man concludes a brief statement, which is immediately followed by a loud burst of applause and cheering from a large off-screen crowd. As the applause begins its long, reverberant decay, the woman standing beside him laughs or exclaims briefly. The acoustics are characteristic of a large hall with strong reverberation, which contrasts with the direct, close-miked clarity of the speech. <TRACK name='male_speech' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> clear direct close_miked reverberant </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='audience_applause_and_cheering' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> loud burst decaying reverberant dense whoops </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='female_vocalization' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> laugh exclamation high_pitched </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
0O463Ft4mVY_000080      This video captures a first-person perspective of someone standing on and then tumbling down a snowy mountain slope. The audio begins with faint, distant shouts and wind, which are abruptly replaced by a loud, chaotic scraping and rushing sound as the person slides down the hill. This intense sound of friction and turbulence continues until the person comes to a stop, followed by a close-up, heavy exhale. The overall acoustics are dominated by the near-field, high-energy turbulent noise of the slide, contrasting with the initially distant environmental sounds. <TRACK name='wind' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> broadband noise turbulent rushing </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='distant_human_speech' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> distant muffled indistinct chatter </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='human_vocalization' count=2 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> close_mic effort grunt breathy exhale </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='sliding_on_snow' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> friction scraping turbulent rush granular </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
0T39A4knSu4_000057      The scene takes place at an outdoor elephant enclosure at a zoo, with one elephant close to the camera behind a wooden fence. The audio begins with faint, off-screen human speech, which is abruptly interrupted by a loud, high-pitched trumpet from the foreground elephant. A sharp, resonant thump follows the vocalization, after which the human conversation continues more clearly. The overall acoustics are moderately reverberant, likely from nearby walls, making the loud animal and impact sounds stand out. <TRACK name='human_speech' count=2 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> conversational female voices background </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='elephant_trumpet' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> loud high_pitched squeal resonant </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='impact' count=1 screen=uncertain> <KEYWORDS> sharp bang thump resonant </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
02UvvE1oA1I_000030      This stop-motion animation is set in a stylized outdoor pen featuring several claymation sheep. The audio begins with a standard sheep bleat, followed immediately by a more comical, elongated bleat from the main character. An upbeat, acoustic theme song then begins, featuring jaunty plucked string instruments layered with numerous rhythmic sheep bleats. The overall acoustics are clean and dry, characteristic of a studio recording with clear transients. <TRACK name='sheep_bleating' count=2 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> vocal nasal comical mid_pitch </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='acoustic_theme_music' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> upbeat rhythmic jaunty plucked strings </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
hSAVR0LcQp8_000280      The scene is a computer-animated city at dawn, with the camera slowly zooming toward a hospital. A distant ambulance siren begins, rapidly approaching and passing by, followed immediately by a second siren that traces the same path. Finally, the chopping sound of helicopter rotor blades begins as a helicopter appears on the hospital's rooftop helipad. The acoustics are dominated by the clear far-to-near dynamics and prominent Doppler effect of the wailing sirens. <TRACK name='ambulance_siren' count=2 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> wailing doppler effect approaching receding </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='helicopter' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> rotor blades rhythmic chopping mechanical </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
U24BkLFGDtg_000490      In an outdoor savanna setting, a baby elephant sits on a dirt road, protected by its mother and another adult elephant. The scene is filled with a continuous, deep elephant rumble from the beginning, layered with the faint, high-frequency buzzing of insects. Towards the end, a tusked elephant approaches and emits a powerful, sharp trumpet call. The acoustics are open and natural, dominated by the resonant, low-frequency vocalizations. <TRACK name='elephant_rumble' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> low_frequency sustained deep powerful resonant </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='insect_buzzing' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> high_frequency faint continuous </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='elephant_trumpet' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> loud burst sharp piercing powerful call </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>}