{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 _1TjLs6_Geo_000013      playing glockenspiel\
_aggk5tA7hM_000047      playing glockenspiel\
_j62xxyQbzo_000084      skiing\
_xsRyM_fXYI_000006      coyote howling\
1F23RciUwDE_000030      car engine starting\
1RAcDEFEszA_000093      chopping food\
\
\
_1TjLs6_Geo_000013      <HINT>A series of distinct, high-pitched metallic strikes occurs, each producing a clear, resonant tone with a long, ringing decay. The tones follow a simple melodic contour, ascending and descending through a scale. The overall quality is bright and bell-like, with a clean attack for each note.</HINT> In an indoor setting, a person plays a melody on a xylophone-like instrument constructed from copper pipes on a wooden frame. A sequence of clear, bell-like tones is produced as a wooden mallet strikes the pipes, with each note featuring a sharp attack followed by a smooth, ringing decay. The acoustics are clear and direct, with moderate reverb that enhances the resonant, metallic quality of the instrument's transients. <TRACK name='copper_pipe_chimes' count=12 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> metallic resonant bell_like ringing clear attack </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
_aggk5tA7hM_000047      <HINT>A melodic sequence of bright, high-pitched tones is produced. Each tone has a sharp, percussive attack and a clear, ringing decay. Faint mechanical clicks can be heard alongside the pitched, resonant impacts, creating a rhythmic and automated-sounding pattern.</HINT> The scene is an indoor close-up of an automated glockenspiel in a wooden case. A continuous, rapid musical melody is played by the instrument for the entire duration of the clip. The acoustics are dry with minimal reverberation, characterized by the bright, resonant metallic transients of the notes accompanied by faint, sharp clicks from the mechanical actuators. <TRACK name='automated_glockenspiel' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> bright metallic resonant pitched percussive strikes </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='mechanical_actuator_clicks' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> quiet sharp high_frequency clicking </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
_j62xxyQbzo_000084      <HINT>A continuous scraping and carving friction against a soft, granular surface provides a textured base, layered with a rhythmic, percussive composition featuring a low-frequency bassline. The soundscape then transitions to a powerful, high-pressure release of atomized particles, creating a loud, sustained roar. A brief, indistinct utterance concludes the sequence.</HINT> The video begins with a point-of-view shot of a snowboarder gliding through a snowy forest, then transitions to a wide view of a ski slope with a snowmaking machine. A brief electronic music cue gives way to the continuous scraping sound of the snowboard carving on snow. The scene then cuts to the loud, hissing rush of a snowmaker, which is punctuated by a brief spoken question near the end. The acoustics are open-air, featuring near-field granular friction from the snowboard and a powerful, broadband hiss from the snowmaking machine. <TRACK name='electronic_music' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> rhythmic synth electronic abrupt stop </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='snowboarding' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> near_field scraping friction carving granular </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='snowmaking_machine' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> loud hiss broadband noise rushing air powerful </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='male_speech' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> clear words conversational muffled </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
_xsRyM_fXYI_000006      <HINT>A series of high-pitched, piercing tones echoes through an open space. The sequence includes both short, sharp pulses and longer, sustained notes with significant, wavering pitch modulation. The timbre is clear and carries a slightly strained quality, creating a complex and varied acoustic event.</HINT> This scene takes place in a brushy outdoor field with yellow wildflowers, likely at dawn or dusk. A coyote first lets out a high-pitched scream, followed by a pair of sharp barks. A faint, distant howl from another animal is then heard, and the on-screen coyote concludes by responding with a long, sustained howl. The acoustics are characteristic of an open outdoor space, with the clear, high-frequency vocalizations exhibiting natural environmental reverb. <TRACK name='coyote_vocalization' count=3 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> high_pitched piercing scream sharp barks long howl </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='coyote_howl' count=1 screen=off_screen> <KEYWORDS> distant faint reverberant responding call </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
1F23RciUwDE_000030      <HINT>A series of slow, heavy mechanical turns gives way to a sputtering ignition and a burst of vapor. A powerful, low-frequency rumble with rapid, distinct pulses quickly develops into a sustained, deep drone. The powerful, rhythmic throbbing is layered with a faster chopping texture as the rotation speed increases.</HINT> The scene takes place on an airfield tarmac, where a Douglas A-1 Skyraider propeller plane is parked in front of a hangar. The audio begins with a low engine rumble, which erupts into a series of loud, sputtering pops as the engine fully ignites and runs continuously. As the powerful roar continues, thick smoke billows from the exhaust ports on the side of the fuselage. The overall acoustics are dominated by the loud, broadband noise of the engine in an open-air environment with minimal reverberation. <TRACK name='propeller_aircraft_engine' count=1 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> low rumble sputtering ignition explosive pops powerful roar </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
1RAcDEFEszA_000093      <HINT>chopping food</HINT> This scene takes place in an indoor studio kitchen where a woman demonstrates a food slicer. The audio begins with a female presenter's voice, which is interrupted by a loud, sharp thwack as an apple is sliced. Dialogue continues between the female presenter and a male announcer, punctuated by a second, similar slicing sound before the clip ends. The overall acoustics are dry and clear, characteristic of a commercial, featuring close-miked speech and crisp, percussive impact sounds from the slicer. <TRACK name='female_speech' count=4 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> clear presenter voice upbeat close_miked </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='apple_slicing' count=2 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> sharp impact chopping snap percussive </KEYWORDS> </TRACK> <TRACK name='male_speech' count=2 screen=on_screen> <KEYWORDS> deep voice enthusiastic announcer close_miked </KEYWORDS> </TRACK>\
\
\
}